[NINA]
Warm and toasty.
Warm and toasty!
There's nothing better
than lying in the sun!
[NINA]
Soft and fluffy.
Soft and fluffy!
I'm so proud of the beautiful
tufts of fur on my tails!
Nice and cheery.
Nice and cheery!
I'm blessed to be surrounded
by kind and wonderful people!
Peace and quiet.
I hope tomorrow,
and the days and days
after that will be filled with
as much happiness as today.
[clatter]
[NINA]
Somebody, please.
Please, help me.
[GUARD 11A]
Who do you people think you are?
Coming here, armed,
at this hour?
You know you're
standing in front
of the lord's mansion, right?
[STELLA] I'm Vice Captain
of the Order of Knights.
Stella Enplace,
on official business, here to
inspect the lord's residence.
So step aside, now!
An inspection?
That's news to me!
Wait, why isn't
Captain Gilet with you?
Gilet and his men have been
taken into custody
for corruption.
Would you two care to join them?
You're kidding me!
The lord is a powerful man;
do you think it's
wise to defy his will?
I do.
[KANADE, TANIA giggle]
Don't go thinking
you're dealing with
the same ol' degenerate
pushovers of the past.
These knights are noble,
and they fight for justice!
You know it!
Stella took a stand,
and she doesn't have time
for any more foul play!
Because she's pure,
righteous, and beautiful!
The lady knight of justice
in the flesh!
[STELLA gasps]
[KANADE, TANIA]
Stella Enplace!
You're so courageous,
Vice Captain Stella!
[KANADE, TANIA giggle]
Would you two tone it down
for cryin' out loud?
And you! Stop looking
at me like that!
The knights serve his highness,
not the dishonorable
Lord Fromware.
You can join Gilet
or step aside.
The choice is yours!
[GUARDS gasp]
We're being attacked!
[GUARD 11B]
All right men, move out!
I kinda figured
this would happen.
[TANIA]
Yeah, well, I hoped it would.
Or else we'd just be standing
around twiddling our tails.
I'm in your debt. I mean that.
I couldn't have done
this without your help.
Always happy to lend a claw!
We're taking a page
outta Rein's book.
We're willing and excited.
Great! Let's execute his plan!
--[KANADE] Yeah!
--[TANIA] Right!
[ALL yelling]
They came after all.
Craven trash, playing their
little game of justice, huh?
[GUARDS yell]
Those must be
the ultimate species
serving that
pathetic Rein Shroud.
If I use the ring to kill him,
their contract
will be nullified,
and they'll have
no reason to fight.
[chuckles] Perhaps,
they'll be calling me master
by the end of this ordeal!
Now, where is that beast tamer?
It sounds like the
plan is in motion.
[SORA]
Thanks to their diversion,
we have been able to
make it this far undetected.
All we need to do now
is locate the townspeople
who were kidnapped
by the lord's son--
[RUNA] And then we'll
save the heck out of 'em!
My goodness, lower your voice!
If we're going to help
the poor souls escape
before they become hostages,
we must do so very quietly!
Well, we had better
start searching, then.
[RUNA]
You got it!
I'm awesome at hide
and seek, back me up, Sora!
I thought I told you
to lower your voice!
And everyone says
I'm the violent sister.
Material Search.
[REIN]
Hey. Tania used that spell once.
It lets you see the flow
of magic energy, right?
Every human being
possesses some innate magic.
If we trace its signature...
[REIN] ...then we can find
the people who were kidnapped!
Precisely,
and then we could use
our teleport magic
to evacuate them to safety,
which will help free up
the diversion team
to fight without
concern for the hostages!
Then we finish this
by finding evidence
of the lord and his son Edgar's
crimes and arrest them.
Right!
Huh... What the heck is this?
[REIN]
What's wrong?
[RUNA] I'm picking up a large
magic signature below us,
which I assume is from
the victims we're looking for.
But I'm detecting something
else, too, and it's huge.
Whatever it is,
I know it's not human.
But it's so much.
Like, it's on the
same level as us.
Same as you and me?
Maybe an ultimate species?
What are we gonna do now?
[REIN]
Why is there an ultimate species
in the lord's manor?
Were they kidnapped
like the townspeople?
Or could they be the lord and
his son's ace in the hole?
Either way.
All right. I know
it'll be tough,
but can I count on you
to get those people out?
Of course, we can
take care of that.
[RUNA]
But what are you gonna do, Rein?
I'll find the source
of that magic signal,
and with what's at stake,
we just can't afford any
kind of unknown variables.
It's too risky!
If this stranger is
as powerful as we are,
you could be in real danger!
You can't do it alone;
we're gonna need to go with you!
[SORA, RUNA grunt]
[REIN]
It's all right!
And thanks for your concern,
but I don't have any of
your teleportation magic,
so I can't help those prisoners
escape as safely as you two.
I'm sorry.
I know what I'm
asking you to do,
but you're gonna have
to reveal yourselves
as fairies to save them.
Even in times like these,
you're more worried about
everyone else's well-being.
We will have to worry
about you, though.
Well, what else is new?
Listen up!
If you don't come
back in one piece,
you'll have to give us
a hundred head pats each!
You'd better take
care of yourself!
You hear me?
Loud and clear.
I'll try to come back as
unscathed as possible.
All right, let's move out!
[GUARDS, KNIGHTS yelling]
Could this be it?
[gasps] A jail cell?
[REIN] She has the ears
of a fox and three tails.
She's like them.
They were right.
She's a demigod.
[NINA whimpers]
[REIN gasps]
[yelps]
[REIN]
Are you all right?
Heal, now!
[NINA whimpers]
Don't you worry. You're safe.
I'm here to help you.
[gasps]
My name's Rein. What's yours?
I'm... I'm Nina.
Thank you, Rein!
[EDGAR] I wasn't
expecting to come across
an ultimate species
in this backwater burg.
And a young one, at that!
Stay back... No, don't touch me!
[EDGAR groans]
Ow, what the hell?
You vile, impudent mongrel!
Do it!
[SOLDIER 11A]
Sir!
[NINA]
Please, just go away.
[KIDS screaming, crying]
Even though you're a beast,
I think you still know the
right choice to make here.
No, don't do it.
Oh, I think the little mongrel
just gave me an
order, didn't she?
[NINA]
Please.
I'm begging you to stop, sir.
Don't hurt the children.
[chuckles]
[EDGAR]
It's a slave collar.
Why don't you put it on?
[NINA]
Yes, sir.
--[KIDS whimper]
--[EDGAR grunting]
[EDGAR chuckles]
Have you ever felt the rush of
dominating an ultimate species?
There's nothing quite like it!
Demigods are rare
and tinged with divine power.
I mean, it's in the name!
With you under my control,
I may as well be a god myself!
[NINA whimpers]
[EDGAR cackles]
Since then, I've been
alone and in pain,
scared I'd never
make it out alive,
doing my best to endure it.
Wow, that's rough.
I'm impressed by your
strength and kindness.
[NINA whimpers]
There's no need to worry;
I'm gonna get you out of here.
[NINA gasps]
No, you can't!
It's locked tight by a powerful
spell--it won't come off.
[REIN]
Hey, listen.
It's fine. Trust me.
[NINA grunts]
All right.
I will.
Thanks, Nina.
[REIN] A spell to dominate
and control the target.
Sounds a lot like beast
taming, at its core.
If that's the case,
I can use my power
as a beast tamer
to overwrite it and
get that collar off!
[gasps]
[groans]
[NINA]
No!
You're hurting yourself!
Please, make it stop!
You've tried enough.
You don't have to do
any of this, Rein!
No one would be sad
if they lost me.
Because I'm already
dead to them.
It's fine.
That's not true. I'd be sad.
[NINA gasps]
I'm traveling with
my best friends,
and even if you haven't met
them, they'd be sad, too.
[REIN]
Right. I'm not alone here.
I have the strength of
a cat spirit from Kanade,
enhanced magic from Tania,
and the magical control
from Sora and Runa.
They're with me!
[REIN yells]
[NINA gasps]
It's gone!
Looks like the spell worked.
[NINA]
No, Rein!
I'm fine, thank you, though.
I guess it did tire me out.
Next time, don't push
yourself so hard
or you might
get hurt, all right?
I don't wanna see you suffer!
[REIN]
I'm sorry.
I'll be more careful, then.
[GUARDS, KNIGHTS yell]
Break 'em all apart!
We can't let any of 'em
get inside the mansion!
Hold the line!
We fight with
justice on our side!
[TANIA]
Come on, boys, that all you got?
[KANADE meows]
Ugh. Holding the line
is so freakin' boring.
I wish I was part of the
infiltration team instead.
[KANADE] Mm... Don't
you think you might be
a little too hot-headed
for a stealthy job like that?
[TANIA grumbles]
[GUARD 11C grunts]
All right, boys!
Let's bring the women
from the basement
and use them as hostages!
[TANIA, KANADE gasp]
[RUNA, SORA]
Fireball Multi-shot!
[GUARDS gasp, scream]
[RUNA cackles]
The stars take the stage!
[KANADE, TANIA gasp]
Sora! Runa!
All of the prisoners
have been freed
and taken to another location
out of harm's way!
Now, they can no longer
be leveraged as hostages.
So you don't have
to hold back anymore!
I was hoping you'd say that!
Yeah! Let's go!
[GUARDS groaning]
[STELLA]
When we've won the battle
and subdued the enemy forces,
I want them all
taken into custody!
I will enter the
mansion while you fight
and arrest the lord's
family myself.
[KNIGHTS]
Yes, ma'am!
Damn it! Those worthless
fools are no help!
[EDGAR'S FATHER]
Edgar!
What in the world is going on?
I thought you said you'd
take care of this, boy!
I know. Go ahead
and escape without me!
I'll stay here and dispose
of all the evidence.
Those knights cannot do a thing
without proof of our offenses!
[EDGAR'S FATHER]
Oh, very true!
Great thinking, my boy!
I'll leave the rest up to you!
[GROUP]
Rein!
[REIN gasps]
Hey, guys!
So is everybody all right here?
Yeah!
[GROUP gasps]
Huh? Oh, yeah, this is Nina.
She's the ultimate species
that Runa detected.
She's a demigod!
[GROUP grunts] Wow, did you
really go pick up another girl?
Just hang on a sec!
It's not unlike that, but...
No! It's not that!
[GROUP]
We know you too well.
What's that supposed to mean?
We're kidding!
They filled us in on
the whole ultimate species'
energy signature thing,
and we kinda had
a feeling you'd try
and seduce her to our side.
[REIN]
Phrasing, please.
It's really quite
curious, isn't it?
Demigods are frequently
worshiped by humans,
so it's rare for them
to make their presence
known to someone like you.
Sis, I don't think a
couple'a shut-ins like us
have much room to talk.
Would you please stop
using that term?
[REIN] Well, we can always get
into the finer details later.
[KANADE]
Aww! It's so fluffy!
Mm! We're cuddly twins, now!
It's all right!
There's nothing to be afraid of
because you have a whole
family to protect you!
[NINA]
Mm-hm...
Gah, you're so cute!
[TANIA] For a cat spirit,
you're being a total hog!
[STELLA] So you took in
a new ultimate species.
You're quite an
exceptional person, Rein,
and I suppose that's what
got us this far in the end.
Thank you, again, sir.
Your determination played
a big part in this, too.
Either way, it's not over.
Indeed, not yet.
We must arrest
the lord and his son
and find proof of
their misdeeds!
[EDGAR'S FATHER grunts]
[EDGAR'S FATHER]
No!
How'd they make it
past the guards?
Hold on, is that--
It is!
Lord of Horizon! I implore
you to submit peacefully
to this knight's
inspection!
Over my dead body!
I'm the lord of this town,
you hear me?
And you're all traitors--
[EDGAR'S FATHER grunts, yelps]
[REIN]
Sorry, I shouldn't have assumed.
[STELLA]
Please.
You simplified his
capture and shut him up.
Rein Shroud! You're dead!
[REIN gasps]
[GROUP]
Rein!
[REIN]
What's going on?
[gasps] A reaper?
[KANADE]
No!
[REIN groans]
[KANADE]
Rein!
[ARIOS cackles]
It looks like Edgar went
through with it after all.
My little gamble seems
to have paid off.
Rein's going to die
like the pathetic pile
of trash that he truly is!
[laughs]
Farewell, beast tamer!
I'll be able to get
a good night's sleep
knowing that you're
finally dealt with!
Hang on. I feel fine. Huh?
If I was hallucinating,
it was incredibly realistic.
[KANADE]
Rein!
That big scary monster
swung its scythe at you--
are you sure you're
feeling all right?
[TANIA]
No injuries? Does it hurt?
[SORA]
I can heal you, Rein!
Show me where you're wounded
and I'll take care of it!
[RUNA] Yeah, we're not
gonna let you go off
and die without us, silly!
[NINA]
Don't die, Mister Rein!
Uh, jeez. Don't worry.
I feel just fine, I promise!
[GROUP gasps]
But how can that be possible
when you were struck
by the epic spell
known as "Deathscythe"?
It uses instant-death
magic that inflicts
the "death" status upon
anything it touches!
Yeah, but he's not dead.
[SORA]
It's quite confounding!
Thank goodness.
[REIN chuckles]
Beast tamers are so awesome
that even instant death-spells
don't work on 'em!
Yeah, I wouldn't be so sure
that's a beast tamer thing.
But the spell didn't
work, did it, now?
Could it be because he's Rein?
[TANIA]
You hit the nail on the head!
Which is it?
No status effect
because he's Rein?
Huh...
Hey! Can I try
something real quick?
[REIN]
Huh?
Go, Poison Drop!
[GROUP gasps]
[REIN grunts]
Yes! My plan work--!
What kind of plan involves
poisoning our master?
Are you crazy?
This sort of behavior is
completely unbecoming
of a familiar and a fairy!
She wha--?
You better explain
yourself, Runa!
[RUNA]
Would you just calm down?
Ahem! I've been wondering
about this for a while.
Why is it that Rein
only got one power
from forming a contract
with two separate
fairies, ya know?
Doesn't it seem kinda unfair
when you think about it?
Yeah, she's got a
pretty good point there!
Because of that, I assumed
he got a second ability
from the contract we made.
So I figured that he might have
a status effect nullification!
I didn't know a contract
with an ultimate
species could do that.
It can nullify epic
insta-death magic?
Powerful stuff!
Yeah, and the poison
didn't hurt him one bit!
Guess I've got
a new fancy skill?
[RUNA chuckles] My intellectual
curiosity has been satisfied,
and Rein learned
about his new skill.
So I'd say the ends justify--
There are absolutely
no ends that justify
the unauthorized
experimentation of magic
on our dear master,
do you understand me?
[RUNA]
It was for science!
I'm sorry, sis!
This is all totally normal!
I find it best to look away.
That Sora, huh?
Probably best to
stay on her good side.
[STELLA sighs]
Observing your unique friendship
makes me question my
understanding of the world.
[KANADE, TANIA]
No!
She lumped us in with Rein?
[REIN]
Hey, why'd you say it like that?
[EDGAR]
What? Why didn't he die?
I'm the son of a lord!
The world is supposed
to bend to my will!
I watched it happen!
How can this idiot
still be alive?
[EDGAR]
My life is ruined.
He's going to take it all away!
[REIN chuckles]
[EDGAR]
I don't accept it!
[DEMON 11A]
How delightful.
I rarely stumble upon a soul as
corrupt and repugnant as this.
[EDGAR]
And I never will!
Never! Never!
[DEMON 11A]
Nothing is as eternal
as the foolishness of humans!
[EDGAR screams]
[GROUP gasps]
[EDGAR]
No! Stop it!
What is this?
Don't you know who I am?
[KANADE] What's that?
It smells dangerous.
--[NINA] I'm scared!
--[EDGAR] This is my city!
[EDGAR]
Wait! Please, stop it!
No, somebody! [screams]
[REIN gasps]
[EDGAR]
Anybody! Please, help me!
[REIN]
This is bad.
I've gotta destroy it
while I have the chance!
[REIN]
Everyone, get back!
Fireball!
[GROUP grunting]
[GROUP grunts]
[REIN gasps]
[GROUP gasps]
[REIN grunts]
[DEMON 11A]
To whom do I owe this pleasure?
Are you the ones who
reawakened me from my slumber?
[REIN gasps]
[DEMON 11A]
Thank you, kindly.
[REIN]
No. I knew it.
It's them.
[DEMON 11A] As an
expression of my gratitude,
I'll kill you, without pity,
mercy, or dignity of any kind.
[REIN]
The demon!
[KANADE]
Next Time: "Champion."